# RyuuNoodles ðŸ² Settings

Auto-generated by [/extras/settings_markdown_conv.py](/extras/settings_markdown_conv.py) from [/js/settings.js](/js/settings.js) using [generate_settings_md.yml](/.github/workflows/generate_settings_md.yml).
You can find the settings the custom node pack adds here as well as the defaults and tooltips.

## Token Count Overlay > Enable Token Counter Overlay

- **ID**: `RyuuSettings.TokenCountOverlay.Enabled`
- **Type**: boolean
- **Default Value**: `true`
- **Tooltip**: 

## Token Count Overlay > Nodes configuration

- **ID**: `RyuuSettings.TokenCountOverlay`
- **Type**: text
- **Default Value**: `Ryuu_TokenCountTextBox.input_text:CLIP_L,T5_FAST;CLIPTextEncode.text:CLIP_L,T5_FAST;`
- **Tooltip**: Enter the node names (internal `nodeData.name`), their widget names and tokenizer types. A token counter will appear above the supplied widget. Supported tokenizer types: CLIP_L, T5, T5_FAST, UMT5, GEMMA2, GEMMA3, LLAMA3, QWEN25VL, AURAFLOW Please check the GitHub README for more info

## Token Count Overlay > Update Interval in ms

- **ID**: `RyuuSettings.TokenCountOverlay.UpdateInterval`
- **Type**: slider
- **Attributes**:
  - `min`: 100
  - `max`: 2500
  - `step`: 25
- **Default Value**: `1000`
- **Tooltip**: Default: 1000 Suggested to stay above 200ms.

## Token Count Overlay > Compact Mode

- **ID**: `RyuuSettings.TokenCountOverlay.CompactMode`
- **Type**: boolean
- **Default Value**: `false`
- **Tooltip**: This will simply remove the word 'Tokens' from the token count overlay to save space. Also changes the name of some tokenizers to be shorter, e.g. 'GEMMA2' â†’ 'G2', 'LLAMA3' â†’ 'L3'.

## Token Count Overlay > Support 'BREAK' keyword

- **ID**: `RyuuSettings.TokenCountOverlay.SupportBreakKeyword`
- **Type**: boolean
- **Default Value**: `false`
- **Tooltip**: This will simply increase the CLIP-L counter number to fill up to the next upper multiple of 75 when 'BREAK' is encountered in the text. NOTE: ComfyUI by default doesn't support 'BREAK' and you need to use a custom node for the actual functionality.

## Token Count Overlay > Include special tokens

- **ID**: `RyuuSettings.TokenizerAddSpecialTokens`
- **Type**: boolean
- **Default Value**: `false`
- **Tooltip**: This will add the number of special tokens per tokenizer to the token count. E.g: If enabled, CLIP-L will always show 2 tokens more because of 'startoftext' and 'endoftext' tokens which are invisible to the user.

